# V3 - ~No~ comments

1. When scrolling through long files, the file name from difftastic diff needs to stick to top of the screen like a sticky header.
    1. Avoid showing it twice, i.e. do not show it when the line from the diff itself is visible.
2. Show existing comments in the PR
    1. Do not print the comment in the diff - instead show a symbol in the beginning of the line to indicate there is a comment.
    2. This might mean you need to leave space for a "sign column" on the right.
    3. If there is some good symbol to use supported by ghostty fonts out of the box, you can use that, but provide fallback for legacy terminals
    4. When cursor is on the line, you can click on enter to view the comment in a new screen (this opens a new view, which can even be the editor in first poc)
    5. Note: if the PR comment has replies, show the whole thread
    6. Indicate pending comments for draft pr with different symbol and fallback, but otherwise the logic is the same, for draft comments, instead of opening with Enter, the comment is Edited: editing it in the editor will update the draft comment.
3. Restructure files so that v*.md files are in docs/ folder. README.md in root, and remove anythign else.
4. If you notice architectural issues that slow you down, e.g. you need to do more searches, more edits, changes are prone to break the code, write them down to a TECH_DEBT.md file. But in case you don't see such clear issues, don't come up with issues just for the sake of it. In this case, it's also fine to leave the file empty. Howerver, still create the empty file with header and instruction on what to add to that file for future iterations.
